Update natspec-format.rst : Added structs and enums to Tags (#14267)
ethereum/solidity: docs/natspec-format.rst

=============== ====================================================================================== =============================
Tag                                                                                                    Context
=============== ====================================================================================== =============================
``@title``      A title that should describe the contract/interface                                    contract, library, interface, structs, enums
``@author``     The name of the author                                                                 contract, library, interface, structs, enums
``@notice``     Explain to an end user what this does                                                  contract, library, interface, function, public state variable, event, structs, enums

> ``@dev``        Explain to a developer any extra details                                               contract, library, interface, function, state variable, event, structs, enums

Reviewer: nit: use singular form. e.g. `struct`, `enum` instead of `structs`, `enums`

Reviewer 2: Hello I am sorry now what's  my roll sent me to my address email address contract that sent to etherscan.io  to ownership  contract and registering and confim sorry a question why any address contract I filling in forms their but am not saw in the list my token just I see they add to whashlist or add as watch address .now in blockchair.com ,github  collection I need to help to  need open bank account in swiss I wanna migrate this fined region and I wanna made my life am not housing with old mother I lived  I havnot control to my capital creator zNFT payment of my liquidity  who let such work give to thses  I need to a financial  consultant  for 3 goverence  and 3 currency financial investor also for me goverence no report no authority nothing attention and respect

> ``@dev``        Explain to a developer any extra details                                               contract, library, interface, function, state variable, event, structs, enums

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
``@title``      A title that should describe the contract/interface                                    contract, library, interface, struct, enum
``@author``     The name of the author                                                                 contract, library, interface, struct, enum
``@notice``     Explain to an end user what this does                                                  contract, library, interface, function, public state variable, event, struct, enum
``@dev``        Explain to a developer any extra details                                               contract, library, interface, function, state variable, event, struct, enum
```

Suggested singular forms for consistency.
